[Pages] Update debugging-pages.mdx (#24386)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/pages/configuration/debugging-pages.mdx

:::

> ### HTTP ERROR 404 is returned on the `pages.dev` URL

Reviewer: Can you reframe this to match the overall structure of the page (which describes the underlying issue as opposed to the symptom).
```suggestion
### Missing `index.html` on the root `pages.dev` URL
```

> An **index.html** is what Pages will serve on the root, for example **example.pages.dev/**. If HTTP ERROR 404 is returned on the `pages.dev` URL, uploading **index.html** should resolve the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see a `404` error on the root `pages.dev` URL (`example.pages.dev`), you are likely missing an `index.html` file in your project.

Upload an `index.html` file to resolve this issue.
```
